[Music]
this episode of approached the bar with
dance feet is sponsored by pardon open
dance board championships
welcome to approach the bar with dance
beat all right tonight is a really
special evening because I have three of
the Finder members of the Chippendales
with me and the reason they're here is
that we are actually going to talk about
some of the events that have just
happened at Manhattan Dance
Championships in New York so with me
tonight I am very honored to have mr.
close and twice actually did a little
bit of dancing in the 90s probably am
mr. Colin and he he was big in the early
eighties oh yeah it was all hanging out
in the 80s yeah really big and the mean
ship and deal himself he just stripped
eiger's how I about good how are you I'm
very very good we are going to start
tonight by discussing the problem undef
initely having a competition with
themselves Ricardo and Yulia come on he
wants to do what what can we say about
this and I start a couple that have
danced for a number of years have been
on the top for a number of years how
they are able to continue to put on the
floor the level of dance with the
enthusiasm that they put on
it's incredible I think this is a
tribute to both of them is a tribute to
their love of dance and their form is a
tribute to competition and actually
something for the younger generation to
look up to 100% agree
you know like I have to say that you
know I used to compete against to Canada
fo so I find it no but I have the utmost
respect for having that drive and the
commitment to want to be to want to be
there to want to compete like that I
think it's it's a meaning and I have to
say I thought that last night you know
on their level that we can still talk
about having a good night or another
good night I sorta like my day done I'm
amazing I have to say I mean when I
their introduction Samba I thought was
that's some of the best time things I've
seen absolutely and and I have to say
that girls out there take a look at
Julia not just for the beauty of the
movement how she moves those legs how
she times those actions how she
coordinate her whole body Ricardo is in
control of speed movement direction and
action guys absorb all of this is not
just on the surface what you see there
is so much behind that and many layers
behind that and this is what you have to
look up to to reach that and go beyond I
think this is all what they said this is
it so much to be a legend so I think
they are becoming legends and to be a
legend they take so much as they do
because most of the people look up to
them how many years how many consistency
and exactly what Klaus said I think
enthusiasm I think this is the most
difficult thing to keep this enthusiasm
going on when you are so many years on
the top because most of us would be just
get bored and say okay that's it so
there was the best but you know I don't
think that enthusiasm it's not
considered an office it's not going to
do with a competition it's not the
competition that counts if the fact that
they finish the competition and you know
that they'll be in the studio on Monday
morning doing the work and improving and
wanting it and that's that's the drivers
you want it's not about the winning and
trophies of course that's nice
but it's if the work itself is to drive
to become better it's the dedication to
to just want to do it I think that
that's why they're true champions you
know they dedications to there are
dedications to dancing and dedications
to the future of Champions they're going
to follow them the cover which we use
their legends the nut legends as dancers
the legends as people because when you
deal with these guys they are so
professional obviously they want a
competition last night they could have
gone home done nothing they both came in
and watched the program today I when
most of the young pros come in they
looked like a bag off you know what I
mean Ricardo was there he was wearing a
suit the shirt and tie
they were looking at obviously was a
student that they teach you here was was
perfect so guys if you want to win it's
like it's not just what you do on the
floor it's what you do off the floor so
I just have to I think we have to raise
our glasses
nuff said we're competition and remember
anything you want to know about dancing
in America and some other places around
the world just log on to dance beat calm
guys back to stripping
[Music]
this episode of approach the bar with
dance beat is sponsored by Paragon open
dance board championships
[Music]
you